[Music]
hello and welcome to the first episode
of learning English with Minecraft
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up
so in this first episode I'm just going
to create the world and maybe build a
basic shelter
so first I'm going to click play
click create new
create new world okay
I am going to name the world fish land
fish land
I am naming the world fish land because
I think I'm going to make it fish themes
I'm going to play on survival
and normal difficulty normal difficulty
not too hard and not too easy just
normal
and create
so now the world is loading so the first
thing that I am going to do is search
for a place to build a basic shelter
so I'm probably going to search for
somewhere close to the ocean so I can
travel long distances by boat
but also somewhere that's close to a
forest because especially in the
beginning you need a lot of wood
so there are a lot of trees here
trees trees hello Mr Chicken
oh it's a sheep so I'm also going to
search for sheep along the way because I
need to kill three sheep to collect wool
to build a bed
I need a bed to sleep through the night
because during the night monsters come
out and it's very dangerous
I'm sorry Mr sheep
Sorry rap
okay
now I have a wool white wool
oh there's an there's more sheep
more sheep
I feel bad but I need the wool
I'm sorry Mr sheep
okay two and one more
oh no this one's a baby
I can't kill
the parents in front of the child
this sheet is safe
okay
I like this area
it looks like there's a jungle over
there
interesting a pig
I need one more white wool
oh maybe I'll build here
maybe I'll build here
I really like this area
I like the beach the beach
and it's close to a river
thank you
[Music]
okay
I also really like these two formations
oh and there's a village
this is a village
oh this is fantastic
hello
you can trade with villagers
but first I need emeralds
hmm
wow
this is a desert village oh no oh no
bat baby Ocelot just killed two rabbits
[Music]
an iron golem
wow okay
this is perfect
think that I'm going to build right over
there right over there
I want to build a little bit away from
the village
I'm going to collect some sugarcane
this is sugar cane I'm going to collect
sugar cane because later on
I can use sugar cane to build paper and
paper is useful for maps and books and
other things okay
so I think I'm going to build right
around here I'm close to a village I am
close to a river
and a forest this is perfect
so now I'm going to punch some trees
so
I'm not going to collect a ton of wood
right now because later on I'll build an
ax and that will allow me to chop wood
way faster
so for now I'll just chop one tree
one tree okay
I have six oak logs with one log
I can build four planks
four wood planks
so I'm going to turn all the logs into
planks so I have 24 planks with four
planks I can build
crafting table
now the crafting table is one of the
most useful blocks in Minecraft
because with a crafting table I can
build tools
so I'm going to start
by building
sticks
so I'm going to start by building 12
with two sticks
and three planks two sticks one two
three planks I can build a pickaxe a
wooden pickaxe
now
wooden tools are garbage they're they're
terrible but I need the wooden pickaxe
so that I can collect Stone
tools are better than wooden tools
wooden tools are slow and they break
easily
stone tools are still not too good but
they're better than wooden tools
so I'm just going to collect enough
Stone
to build stone tools so maybe about 30
or so
okay
I have 32 cobblestone
that should be enough
so I'm going to use the sticks and the
Cobblestone to build all the stone tools
so
a stone pickaxe
a stone ax
to chop down trees a stone shovel
and a stone
sword
so these are the basic tools a pickaxe
for mining stone a sword for fighting
monsters an ax for chopping wood and a
shovel for the soil
so now that I have an X I'm going to
chop down a bunch of trees
I'll start with this one
one
two
three
oh
it's beginning to get dark the Sun is
going down
which means soon there's going to be
monsters all over the place
but luckily I have a sword
to defend myself
okay
an apple
uh oh
that is a creeper
creepers explode when you get close
but it's next to my crafting table
oh no
okay
I'm going to sneak up
got it
uh oh no
spiders
okay I killed a skeleton and two spiders
and now I'm running away
I'm going to run to the village for
safety
I only have three hunger remaining which
means I can't Sprint
I can only walk
so I'm going very slow
[Music]
but I'm almost there
oh
no uh
foreign
we're okay we're safe
very dangerous at night
where's the village
oh there it is
another creeper
oh see he exploded
[Music]
and he destroyed the ground
no no
[Music]
I'm getting low on health
get out get out of the bed I need to
sleep
when I sleep
in the morning the monsters begin to
burn so
it becomes a lot more safe
it's morning see the skeleton is burning
in the sunlight
get out of here no
if the zombie kills a villager
then the Villager turns into a zombie
villager hmm
so it's important to protect the
villagers
so now that it's daytime again I'm going
to begin building my shelter
it's going to be very basic nothing
fancy
I think I'll start to build right here
on the beach
so I guess I'll start by building some
walls
okay
so this is all I've built so far
but I think this is going to be a dock
for a boat
that I can put right here
and
I'm going to build the room
this way it's going to be a long room
[Music]
okay
and I ran out of wood
so now I'm going back to the forest to
chop down more trees
swimming
underwater
on the surface
okay
I'm going to need food
food I don't have any food but I think
there was food back in the village
so oh and there's an apple
okay these are saplings and I can plant
these in the soil like this
and after some time they will grow into
trees
so I'm not deforesting the area
aha there's another shoe the third and
final sheep that I need to kill
okay
so now I have three wool
oh
it's the wandering traitor
so this person is
a villager that wanders he doesn't stay
in the same place
but he trades things from far off places
like tropical fish interesting I wish I
had five emeralds
but I don't
I can't buy anything from the wandering
Trader sadly
for now I'm just going to build my
shelter
and
after that I will start to search for
new materials underground in caves
like iron and gold and diamonds
because just stone tools are not very
good and also I'm going to need the
other materials so that I can build
armor because right now I don't have any
armor
no armor
okay again it's getting dark and I only
have three hearts so I need to be
careful
I'm just gonna go back to my house that
I've been building
because there I can build a bed now that
I have three wool
so I don't have to go all the way back
to the Village
oh
hurry hurry hurry oh okay
I'm gonna need to kill these zombies
any others
okay
quickly
there are monsters nearby
foreign
Maybe
yes
okay
okay we're safe
zombies don't burn in the sunlight
okay
now I really need to find food
I'm going to go back to the Village
actually first of all
I'm going to do something else
I'm going to build a furnace
with eight stone
this is a furnace
paranoid okay
with a furnace I can cook
I can cook
meat
one more thing
before I go back to the Village okay
first of all I'm going to build a wooden
shovel
and you'll see why
wooden shovel
and now that I have a wooden shovel I
need planks like this
to build a boat the wooden shovel is
like an ore
okay
now I have a boat so I can travel way
faster
this is going to be helpful as I go back
and forth from the village
hello
do you have any food
I haven't seen any food so these are
crops but
none of them are ripe
[Music]
none of the vegetables are ready to be
eaten
okay well
there wasn't any food in the village so
I might need to go hunting for food
come here no
come here
okay I got him okay here are some pigs
I'm sorry pigs
pork chops
and
more pork chops
another bunny
okay I'm gonna go back to the shelter
that I've been building
and cook this meat
I might have to build a fishing pole so
that I can fish from this River
no no I forgot my boat over there at the
village
oh well okay
here's my cooked mutton
now I'll cook some pork chops
I'm going to eat this cooked mutton
okay I do have enough string to build a
fishing pole
[Music]
so I'm going to build a fishing pole
now I can fish for food
a puffer fish
I probably won't eat a puffer fish
I know there are some places that serve
puffer fish in Japan
but I don't think that I would ever try
puffer fish
where are you fish
aha
a rock cod
finally a fish that I can eat
here one comes
ooh a salmon I think a salmon yep
one more fish
and another salmon okay great
so now I have some meat
I'm going to quickly finish this room
so now I'm collecting sand because I
need sand to build glass
for my windows
so I'm getting a little bit of sand
I'm also going to
spread out this sugar cane
I'm going to spread out the sugar cane
so that it grows in more places
because
I'm going to need a lot of sugar cane
later on
okay
so now the sugar cane will grow from all
of those places
I'm going to replace the sand
with stone
right there and place some doors
so now I have two wooden doors
perfect
and for this side I only have one door
left and I don't have enough wood to
build another door so for now one door
will do and I will close off this side
okay and once again it's turning dark
so this shelter is now safe and I think
I'm going to end the video here
so thank you so much for watching tell
me in the comments below if you like
Minecraft videos and if so I will make
more click the like button if you liked
it and I will see you again in the next
video
see ya
[Music]